now on a training the we fall
true purse are actually the talents
second and fourth national
such as referees as an assistant
we spend an hour once a month
together in too wide for one
national training and they become of
closer and closer and they followed
finally got the opportunity to
to work a bit in the picture here
and what day to go do more experience
am jan bos how i get i am 27 years old
am from Ostend
I currently find and the and third
national i was a soccer player stupid and
dom 15 years
then cartilage injury the doctor had said
then either you have to come off to one
lower level that the tax for the the
also end less or you need another
hobby concerns I chose then in
the football world and the
and the arbitration track to come guys
train almost two hours
so a whole penalty training and physics
shift her a lot of high intensity
exercises and so they said you do not
endurance runs but they really go
acceleration as in the
contest
the importance of the technical session
that they actually need certain phases
to estimate
while being very relaxed to a phase
can look and you at contour
each mother they were woven deeply as
against yesterday to do
look at the feet did not look where the
serving falls what was the good problem
you watch often
in which the muscles does not fall
interest
now problem is insite and outsite the
chances that we got here is just that
Some see work tomorrow
people with the training
help the professor with your audience
only that is unique I think
call you a denderbelle is now my
it's clear what I couldn't do before
I am new with last year
promoted a third so it is already now
my first full season that you have one
third whistle control the van
terrain edit always on arrival
it inside if she can be business that doesn't
be fine as the still goes in it
purpose or the only ones
that growth drew people from the king
florian turned out to be able to do so in time
say to the cups
I always have this warming up for a moment
happiness sometimes that something
as important apart from themselves
separate those costs for those again
warming the team in one go
observe the spiders
once on the r11 it did end up right away
and you can let everything go
of of of many cards and in advance
to draw cards and tomorrow morning
is necessary
will also be wonderfully strict hair element
honors what is possible and what is not possible
formed the first card I could not do otherwise
then entered our liver ball box
we will come again protests should i
pull the next cart because also care
Bart was able to be in those
move this I actually stuff it
continuously take a photo of the same
player takes a photo first time
in fits here should not say then if the
gives a verbal comment
the next step is actually the yellow one
cards that show me consistently shown
to become
watch the lessons is always 0 0 that sets it
at the end are not many opportunities to do
but
referees team is concentrated
as are the most difficult moments
concentration and an easy one
competition or a simple competition
simple building was the most difficult
what is there for the referee so now
is concentration
important with the problem sometimes this
so match me
try to estimate these things
ball goes to a goalkeeper then
do you expect something completely from a gabber
to the to the defender
yes and then a little bit of anticipation
had that ball go wide to go as the
keeper then does the wrong check
then you still have to go deeper
sometimes i think sometimes if you have a chance
sees your player and chances
chances to make me think of arbitrators or
kind of done like that
my ambitions as high as possible
but that that mill was going to share
and second national currently one
days national so I hope someday
pint to get nationally and in sittard
am probably my ambition
first national but I know
not that it is impossible
what i thought of jan van on training tom
tiguan from someone who has max control
who is close to the game and who is physical
then good matches is in order
feel yourself as well as after the game
to get the players to you and
trainers
was everyone coming to you and saying
of a good match as well as it yourself
feeling of having done the right game
then you really have a very good feeling
entered the dressing room
each they contact assistants and
this is an intense experience
can world do you have then is sure
between no roadtrain also here in one
by the rapid counterattack and it is
just fine
for care and rest
I think his wish is to take a step
to put it higher it's up to him moment
at every competition to my colleagues and
to show me that it is worth
and if she is true then they will
to get
music